app/markdown/now.mdx, before:

---
title: Now
summary: Summer 2025 edition.
publishedAt: "2025-05-22"
# tags:
#   - "archive"
---

It's summer!

## Letting (as opposed to 'subletting')

I'm leasing an apartment with my friends [Aren](https://arenguralp.com/) and Jason. We'll also have Alex W around over the summer (affectionately "the W" or "the Engineer"). This is actually the group of people I spent last summer with (see [summer 2024](/summer-2024-now)), so I'm super excited. My goals are to cook & host every weekend!

## Courses

I have been reflecting a bit about how much information I am actually retaining from my coursework. I gave myself this thought experiment: If I had to TA a course, how well would I do?

This is my self-assessment:

|                        Good                         | Passable                                             | Terrible                                               |
| :-------------------------------------------------: | ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| <span style={{ color: "#df5d39" }}>CSCI 0190</span> | <span style={{ color:"#df5d39" }}>CSCI 1450</span>   | <span style={{ color:"#df5d39" }}>COST 0120\*\*</span> |
| <span style={{ color: "#df5d39" }}>CSCI 1715</span> | <span style={{ color:"#678c5a" }}>EGYT 1310</span>   | <span style={{ color:"#ff9200" }}>CSCI 1470</span>     |
| <span style={{ color: "#ff9200" }}>CSCI 0300</span> | <span style={{ color:"#3183af" }}>CSCI 1670</span>   | <span style={{ color:"#ff9200" }}>MATH 0540</span>     |
| <span style={{ color: "#678c5a" }}>CSCI 1680</span> | <span style={{ color:"#3183af" }}>ENGN 0520\*</span> | <span style={{ color:"#ff9200" }}>PHIL 1665</span>     |
| <span style={{ color: "#3183af" }}>CSCI 1515</span> |                                                      | <span style={{ color:"#ff9200"}}>COST 0800\*\*</span>  |
|                                                     |                                                      | <span style={{ color:"#678c5a"}}>CSCI 2952R\*\*</span> |
|                                                     |                                                      | <span style={{ color:"#678c5a"}}>MATH 1530</span>      |
|                                                     |                                                      | <span style={{ color:"#3183af"}}>EGYT 1320\*\*</span>  |

<span style={{ fontSize: "0.75em" }}>
  \*If I didn't have to do labs, I think I could bump this up into the "good"
  category
</span>
<span style={{ fontSize: "0.75em" }}>
  \*\*Practically speaking, I think you would have to be a proper graduate
  student to be a good TA. Perhaps "ability to TA" is not the best
  measurement...
</span>

It seems like my <span style={{ color: "#df5d39" }}>freshman fall</span> and <span style={{ color: "#3183af" }}>sophomore spring</span> went alright, but I've mostly forgotten everything from my <span style={{ color: "#ff9200" }}>freshman spring</span> and my <span style={{ color: "#678c5a" }}>sophomore fall</span>. It also seems like this is related to the number of courses I took. In semesters that I took 4-4.5 instead of 5 courses, I retained more from all of them. (The sample size is, of course, n=4.)

But in general, the results... are better than I expected. I remember good amount about the subjects I care a lot about. I'm making a commitment this summer to review CSCI 1680, CSCI 1515, and CSCI 1450 again.

As for next semester, this is what I have in mind:

1. Digital Electronics Systems Design (ENGN 1630)
2. Software Security and Exploitation (CSCI 1650)
3. Topics in Programming Languages (CSCI 1951Q)
4. Sustainable Design in the Built Environment (ENVS 1400)
5. Diversity of Life (BIOL 0210)

I fully expect this to change. CSCI 1951Q is a new course, so I'll shop it and see how it goes. I'd love to fit Computer Graphics (CSCI 1230) in there somehow. I have to take a theory course at some point (500, 1570, or 1010), so this might as well be the semester.

## Puzzle Club

[bph-site](https://github.com/brown-puzzle-hq/bph-site) is the open-source site we run [Puzzlethon](https://puzzlethon.brownpuzzle.club/) and [BPH 2025](https://www.brownpuzzlehunt.com/) on. There's a lot of good summer development to be done, now that I have the time and brain space for it.

## Employment

I am gainfully employed this summer. Yes!

I will be working as a SPOC (Systems Programmer, Operator, and Consultant) for my dear department's TStaff.

## Future Employment

I have found work in the CS Department to be meaningful. It has brought me a great deal of happiness and fulfillment.

But I cannot escape the fact that... I am about to graduate. I need to find some other form of meaningful employment _soon_, or I really will go crazy out in the real world.

So there's that.

Commit message:

Add blogging section to now.mdx

app/markdown/now.mdx, after:

---
title: Now
summary: Summer 2025 edition.
publishedAt: "2025-05-22"
updatedAt: "2025-05-29"
tags:
#   - "archive"
---

It's summer!

## Blogging

To be honest, while I love writing, I always end up spending more time adding new features. So here's a changelog, just to keep myself honest:

**5/29/25:** I added a 'Notes' section to the index page and started this changelog.

**5/28/25:** I wanted to put my Markdown notes on [DDIA](/ddia) and [Outlive](/outlive) up on the site, but I don't like how it looked with the regular styling. I made a more **colorful**, **compact**, **multi-column** design for these specific pages. While this was not too hard to do with my current `next-mdx-remote` setup, I'm really considering changing to `@next/mdx` for even more flexibility. It bugs me that I can't organize individual markdown pages into file groups for styling right now, since they're all statically generated in one folder.

**5/26/25:** I have a few pages like [Courses @ Brown](/courses) and [Now](/now) that I keep revising, and it is hard to tell when there is a new version of them. So I added a 'Recent' posts to the index page, and changed the metadata to keep track of the update date too.

## Courses

I have been reflecting a bit about how much information I am actually retaining from my coursework. I gave myself this thought experiment: If I had to TA a course, how well would I do?

This is my self-assessment:

|                        Good                         | Passable                                             | Terrible                                               |
| :-------------------------------------------------: | ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| <span style={{ color: "#df5d39" }}>CSCI 0190</span> | <span style={{ color:"#df5d39" }}>CSCI 1450</span>   | <span style={{ color:"#df5d39" }}>COST 0120\*\*</span> |
| <span style={{ color: "#df5d39" }}>CSCI 1715</span> | <span style={{ color:"#678c5a" }}>EGYT 1310</span>   | <span style={{ color:"#ff9200" }}>CSCI 1470</span>     |
| <span style={{ color: "#ff9200" }}>CSCI 0300</span> | <span style={{ color:"#3183af" }}>CSCI 1670</span>   | <span style={{ color:"#ff9200" }}>MATH 0540</span>     |
| <span style={{ color: "#678c5a" }}>CSCI 1680</span> | <span style={{ color:"#3183af" }}>ENGN 0520\*</span> | <span style={{ color:"#ff9200" }}>PHIL 1665</span>     |
| <span style={{ color: "#3183af" }}>CSCI 1515</span> |                                                      | <span style={{ color:"#ff9200"}}>COST 0800\*\*</span>  |
|                                                     |                                                      | <span style={{ color:"#678c5a"}}>CSCI 2952R\*\*</span> |
|                                                     |                                                      | <span style={{ color:"#678c5a"}}>MATH 1530</span>      |
|                                                     |                                                      | <span style={{ color:"#3183af"}}>EGYT 1320\*\*</span>  |

<span style={{ fontSize: "0.75em" }}>
  \*If I didn't have to do labs, I think I could bump this up into the "good"
  category
</span>
<span style={{ fontSize: "0.75em" }}>
  \*\*Practically speaking, I think you would have to be a proper graduate
  student to be a good TA. Perhaps "ability to TA" is not the best
  measurement...
</span>

It seems like my <span style={{ color: "#df5d39" }}>freshman fall</span> and <span style={{ color: "#3183af" }}>sophomore spring</span> went alright, but I've mostly forgotten everything from my <span style={{ color: "#ff9200" }}>freshman spring</span> and my <span style={{ color: "#678c5a" }}>sophomore fall</span>. It also seems like this is related to the number of courses I took. In semesters that I took 4-4.5 instead of 5 courses, I retained more from all of them. (The sample size is, of course, n=4.)

But in general, the results... are better than I expected. I remember good amount about the subjects I care a lot about. I'm making a commitment this summer to review CSCI 1680, CSCI 1515, and CSCI 1450 again.

As for next semester, this is what I have in mind:

1. Digital Electronics Systems Design (ENGN 1630)
2. Software Security and Exploitation (CSCI 1650)
3. Topics in Programming Languages (CSCI 1951Q)
4. Sustainable Design in the Built Environment (ENVS 1400)
5. Diversity of Life (BIOL 0210)

I fully expect this to change. CSCI 1951Q is a new course, so I'll shop it and see how it goes. I'd love to fit Computer Graphics (CSCI 1230) in there somehow. I have to take a theory course at some point (500, 1570, or 1010), so this might as well be the semester.

## Employment

I am gainfully employed this summer. Yes!

I will be working as a SPOC (Systems Programmer, Operator, and Consultant) for my dear department's TStaff.

## Future Employment

I have found work in the CS Department to be meaningful. It has brought me a great deal of happiness and fulfillment.

But I cannot escape the fact that... I am about to graduate. I need to find some other form of meaningful employment _soon_, or I really will go crazy out in the real world.

So there's that.

## Letting (as opposed to 'subletting')

I'm leasing an apartment with my friends [Aren](https://arenguralp.com/) and Jason. We'll also have Alex W around over the summer (affectionately "the W" or "the Engineer"). This is actually the group of people I spent last summer with (see [summer 2024](/summer-2024-now)), so I'm super excited. My goals are to cook & host every weekend!

## Puzzle Club

[bph-site](https://github.com/brown-puzzle-hq/bph-site) is the open-source site we run [Puzzlethon](https://puzzlethon.brownpuzzle.club/) and [BPH 2025](https://www.brownpuzzlehunt.com/) on. There's a lot of good summer development to be done, now that I have the time and brain space for it.
